docs(self-managed): Minor fixes for typos and wording (#6412)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.7/self-managed/setup/install.md

### Install with Bitnami secure images

> By default, the Camunda Helm chart uses [open-source images provided by Bitnami](https://github.com/bitnami/containers). For production environments, we recommend switching to [**Bitnami secure images**](https://bitnami.com/), which are hardened, enterprise-grade versions.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the Camunda Helm chart uses [open-source images provided by Bitnami](https://github.com/bitnami/containers). For production environments, Camunda recommends switching to [**Bitnami secure images**](https://bitnami.com/), which are hardened, enterprise-grade versions.
```
